Ahai give it to me
Ya girl, do you know who the woman is here?
What a joke!
She is a poor boy and deserves to let me know
Are you blind?
Give it to me now
It's just two of your legs
I am enough by myself
I respect our hospital
So much nonsense at a young age
How is that possible?
How could there be such an expert lady in my little dream?
Getting sick in December is not easy
You see you see
No refund here.
This is my last chance.
Wait until grandpa finds that person
Definitely better than me marrying him
I want me to exchange more benefits.
I must take this opportunity
Have access to sufficient resources
Take control of my own destiny
It's too late to leave now.
Don't you need to pay for smashing things?
Joke
I don't have the word retreat in Li Meng's dictionary
A man is like a dead Xiao Du inherits
Sure enough, Li Leg, who has never seen the world
Isn't it just a broken toothpaste?
This is 100, don't look for it.
Humph 100
You have to pay me at least 500 million for this toothpaste.
How dare you blackmail me?
Even the city lord in your dreams
You dare not talk to me like that
Know how many five-for-one traps there are
Enough to kill you
Do you believe it or not?
I have a phone call
You can make your entire village disappear silently
Die
Li Meng, shut up